[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he stood
upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
It's been two years
since the War of the
Best in Marineford.
Scattered across the world,
Luffy and his crew
underwent special training
to prepare for the trials ahead.
Now, they return to the
Sabaody Archipelago
and move forward to next
stage of their journey:
The New World.
Let nothing stop you
from reaching the top!
Listen up, guys!
There's a lot I wanna say,
but we don't have much time.
One thing can't wait, though.
What you went through these past
two years was selfish of me,
so thanks for
puttin' up with it.
Let's go!
[LUFFY] "A Surprising Fact!
The Man Who Guarded the Sunny!"
Brother, it's too
hard to dig here!
Of course it is. This island
is all rocks and tree roots.
[FAKE ZORO] No! Don't bury us!
We're victims, too!
Please, I'll do anything
you want, just let me live!
Captain Luffy--no,
I mean Black.
He made us do this!
[laughs]
Listen, I have a secret
to share with you.
We didn't give a
damn about going
to the New World with
the Straw Hats.
The reason we joined... was so
we could stab them in the back
and collect their bounties
without them ever
suspecting a thing.
[FAKE STRAW HATS gasp]
[FAKE ZORO]
No! Drip! Stop it!
I don't know what
that goopy stuff is,
but you're gonna kill him
if you keep that up!
I won't let my friend die!
Got him! Take that, bastard!
Huh?
Huh? Uh-oh. That's weird!
[ALL Scream]
[CARIBOU] And sure, your Straw
Hat did look a little off,
but it had been two years,
so I didn't think much of it.
You lied without remorse,
and deception is a sin.
One that you will be buried for.
Brother, how goes the grave?
[CORIBOU]
I'm digging! I'm digging!
Sinners all. These poor fools.
Gods in heaven...
please, forgive them.
Grant them peace in death.
[ALL scream]
Nuh-uh! Peace, yes,
but not death!
Still, it's not all
bad, I suppose.
I did find the real Luffy.
[laughs]
[SENTOMARU]
I told you,
there wasn't any choice
in the matter.
What did you expect?
Dark King Rayleigh was there.
He's as strong as Kizaru.
Even with the Pacifistas,
we couldn't so much
as slow him down.
Unfortunately, the
Caribou brothers escaped
along with the rest
of their crew.
It seems they took some
of the fake Straw Hats
with them as well,
though I can't imagine why.
At any rate, we captured
most of the pirates,
even though the real Straw
Hats heavily damaged
two of our Pacifistas.
One of the units was the same
prototype they fought before.
Its strength hasn't changed
in the last two years.
That's bad news. For us.
I don't know what
they've been up to,
but the Straw Hats
are immeasurably
more dangerous than before.
Tell the Marines
in the New World
that they have a new
threat coming their way.
The Straw Hats have returned,
and they're stronger than
we could've imagined.
[SHAKKY] A pity they had
to take off so soon.
But I'm proud of them.
They're tough.
They're gonna do just fine.
You were watching?
Yes. I'm a big fan.
[SHAKKY]
I know that smile, Ray.
What's on your mind?
Huh?
Ah.
It's nothing, really.
[GOLD ROGER]
Uh? Whoa-ho!
[RAYLEIGH]
Huh?
[GOLD ROGER] Hey, that's
a nice ship you got there!
[RAYLEIGH] Thanks, but
it's not exactly mine.
Or rather, I stole it after
my house burned down.
[GOLD ROGER] Oh, yeah?
And what's your name?
[RAYLEIGH]
Rayleigh.
My name's Roger.
It's destiny meeting you, I say.
[RAYLEIGH]
Oh, yeah?
How 'bout we team up and turn
this whole world upside down?
Huh? And I thought
I drank too much.
Ha-ah!
I dunno who you are
or what you're selling,
but I'm not interested.
[GOLD ROGER] Come on, you got
a good thing goin' here.
Your ship might be small,
but if we handle it right,
I bet it could even
survive a storm!
We could conquer the
seas in this thing!
Let's set sail!
[RAYLEIGH]
What do you mean "we"?
I just met you
half a minute ago.
Why don't you get your
own damned boat?
[GOLD ROGER]
One of these days,
you're gonna look back
at this and realize
it was the beginning of the
greatest adventure ever known!
[GOLD ROGER laughs]
Before then, I never
believed much in fate.
But maybe nothing really
happens by accident.
We're just too blind
to see all the signs.
Anyway, that hat found
the right man.
So long as it sails,
I'll stay here.
Waiting.
Because I want to see
a new king before I die.
[ROBIN] The surface is
already so far away.
What a view!
I've been under before,
but portholes on a submarine?
They got nothin' on this!
[CHOPPER]
We're sinking! Sinking!
What if we get a leak?
This is freaking me out!
Yeah, it feels like
we're leaving
the whole world behind.
It's eerie.
No big deal.
I've done this like a bajillion
times before. It's cool.
Nope. Not pooping my
pants at all, here.
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
The ocean sure is awesome.
[laughs]
Look at that! They really
are trees, huh?
[LUFFY, NAMI chuckle]
[LUFFY] Wow, I totally
forgot about that!
They're giant mangroves.
You can't tell when
you're up top.
but it's sure quite a sight
to see from down here.
[BROOK] The majesty of
nature is truly humbling!
Why, my eyes would be
popping out of my skull
if I had any eyes
to speak of, I mean!
[BROOK laughs]
Who cares? I've seen this.
'Cause you got on
the wrong ship!
Shut up! Don't ruin this for us!
These roots, they're beautiful.
And think about it.
They stretch all the way down
to the bottom of the sea.
[chuckles] Okay, you win.
[USOPP]
Hey, Chopper.
I think there's something
behind that tree.
Huh?
Whoa! It's huge!
Took us long enough to
get here, but whatever.
It was worth the wait.
I wonder what comes next...
Oh, fishies!
I bet I can grab 'em!
I see. These look
pretty good, too.
Here goes.
[CHOPPER yelping]
That's not funny!
If you pop that bubble
and we all die,
I'm gonna kill you! Twice!
[SANJI] Nami, you know how
the coating works, right?
Can we get some basic tips
before another idiot
flips out on us?
Good point. Okay.
Rayleigh gave me a manual,
but I can summarize it.
So listen closely, okay?
She's real! I can die happy!
[ALL]
Sanji!
[CHOPPER] You don't have
to take us with you!
[USOPP]
Who's flippin' out now, idiot?!
[LUFFY, USOPP, CHOPPER]
What?!
His nosebleed shot him out!
I see. It maintains
its shape well.
You'd think that it would burst.
Especially considering the
immense amount of water pressure
the coating must be exposed to.
How nice.
And I thought we'd
all drown down here,
never to be seen again.
Sanji! Get outta the ocean!
Right. Sea water. Damn it!
[USOPP, CHOPPER]
Keep pulling!
[grunts]
Sanji! What the heck happened
to you back there?
I knew you were weak
to pretty girls,
but this is a real liability!
You're supposed to be cool!
[BROOK]
That poor man.
I can only imagine the horrors
he must have endured
during the past two years.
Let's hope he lives long enough
to see the mermaids
he was so looking forward to.
Ah, and let's also hope
they aren't quite so lovely
that the sight of them
strikes him dead.
When we get there, we'll have
to ask for blood donations.
But they won't be human.
I hope Fishmen have the
same kind of blood as him.
So Sunny's coating has
the same properties
as the bubbles on Sabaody.
Meaning that objects or
people can pass in and out,
without causing it
any harm at all.
Spare me the bubble-science!
We got a man down here!
[NAMI]
Sanji aside, she's not wrong.
We saw this all over Sabaody.
It only stretches so far,
then allows an object
to pass through.
So the good news is,
if we get attacked by any
nasty sea creatures,
we can still fire
cannons at them,
just like we would if
we were above water.
[USOPP]
Huh?
Wait, so what would pop it?
Is it that durable?
It does fine with
single objects,
but if too many things
pass through at once,
then it'll break.
Let's see.
Like, if a Sea King clamps down
on the ship, for example.
That's bad.
[BOTH scream]
[BOTH]
Ah! We're so screwed!
We're safe. Good riddance.
[NAMI] Also, the coating
doesn't protect the ship
from anything except water,
so if we crash into
a rock or a trench,
and the mast breaks,
or something like that,
then the bubble
could also burst.
So it's not like we can just
bounce around down here.
Still, as long as we take
the usual precautions,
we should be fine.
I mean, I'm sure Luffy will
try to get us all killed,
but what else is new?
So we're in the clear
after all. Good!
[USOPP laughs]
Well, in theory at least,
but a lot of ships
try to make the trip
to Fishman Island.
And over 70% of them sink.
[BOTH]
Ah! We are so dead!
[LUFFY]
One Gum-Gum Gatling
and I bet I can catch all
the fish swimmin' out there.
[ZORO] Yeah? If I cut enough
holes in this bubble thing,
I bet I can catch even more.
Weren't you listening to Nami?!
That's too many holes!
Our chances down here
are bad enough as it is!
I'll break your bones,
then fix them,
then break them again!
No fair!
Hachi said he'd show
us to Fishman Island
like it was no big deal,
and now we're stuck
in this death bubble,
slowly descending to our demise!
Oh, yeah!
Lunch time! They packed
a bunch of food for me!
Since Sanji's sick, we should
have ourselves a picnic!
Yay! All that screaming
made me hungry!
[laughs]
And I'm wasting away!
Cool.
As long as Nami thinks
the ship'll stay stable.
We don't have to steer it
or anything right now, do we?
[NAMI]
Nope.
We'll just be cruising
on the sea current
till we get further down.
So, yeah.
I'm sure we'll have more
excitement a bit later,
but for the time being,
we might as well just kick
back and take it easy.
[FRANKY] Well, I would call
this "taking it easy" exactly,
but there's something you
guys should probably know
before we reach Fishman Island.
[FRANKY]
Now, this is a little heavy,
so I hope it doesn't ruin
lunch for everybody.
I think I know. I'm ready.
[ALL]
It's robot stuff, right?!
You've got all kinds
of secrets, don't you?!
Can you transform into a tank?
Or wait, maybe...
you've got laser guns?
[CHOPPER]
Tell us, robo-bro!
[FRANKY]
Super armored... me.
[LUFFY, CHOPPER, USOPP scream]
Sorry, no new secrets.
Secrets inaccessible-robo.
[ALL]
He... speaks... robot!
Okay, I know robots are
cool, but listen up.
Or eat and listen if you like.
Like Usopp said, Hachi was
supposed to show us the way
to Fishman Island, himself,
but he got hurt real bad
back on Sabaody.
He came down here ahead of us
to get medical treatment.
Anyway, it was the same thing
that happened to Duval.
Meaning, he was
protecting the Sunny
from anyone who came for it.
Things got ugly about a year ago
when the Navy found out
the ship was docked there.
Both him and Duval got
taken out in a big fight.
Huh? Wait, a year?
Then who was protecting
the Sunny after that?
[FRANKY]
We had one more secret ally.
If not Rayleigh, then who?
[FRANKY] Someone who
separated us two years ago,
for better or worse.
The Warlord.
[ALL]
Huh?
[FRANKY]
Turns out Bartholomew Kuma
was on our side the whole time.
A few days back, when
I made it to the Sunny,
I couldn't believe my eyes.
He was right there.
[KUMA]
I've been waiting for you.
What the hell're
you doing here?
Mission accomplished.
[FRANKY]
You saw for yourself,
there wasn't a single
scratch on the Sunny.
Later, Rayleigh gave
me the whole story.
I am a member of the
Revolutionary Army.
If it's within my power,
I want to help the Straw
Hats escape from here.
[FRANKY] You guys probably
knew that something was up,
but now we know the truth.
He saved the Sunny,
and he saved our lives.
[gasps]
And then, after we were sent
flying from the island,
Kuma paid Rayleigh a visit
and dropped another bombshell.
I don't have much time.
Not as myself.
[FRANKY] The details
are a little sketchy,
but evidently, Kuma surrendered
his body to the Navy.
They used him as an experiment
and replaced his body
parts one by one.
By the time the War of
the Best rolled around,
his personality had
been completely erased.
Wait, he knew where he sent us,
but he didn't know what
we'd do once we got there!
Or that we would
even make it back!
And you said his personality
was taken away,
but he still
protected the Sunny?
The guy who worked on him
is this dude named Dr. Vegapunk,
and Kuma must've
made a deal with him,
'cause he programmed one
final mission into his brain.
"Defend the Thousand Sunny
from any attackers
until the moment that a Straw
Hat returns to claim it."
So even though he's been
reduced to a living weapon
with no memory, he's been
carrying out his own orders.
Protecting our ship for
the past two years
to fulfill his last wish.
But why? He barely knew us.
I mean, why'd it matter to him?
I dunno. Maybe it's
'cause of Luffy.
You said Kuma was part
of the Revolutionary Army
and Luffy's dad's the leader
of those guys, right?
[LUFFY]
I don't know much about my dad,
but it seems like that robot
bear dude was a good guy,
so he can't be too bad
if they're friends.
[ROBIN]
Kuma.
The bottom line is,
our survival and all the
things we accomplished
in the past two years,
we owe to him.
Whatever his reason was,
we should be grateful.
And we may never
find out the truth
because it's not like we can ask
him to explain himself anymore.
All we can do now
is honor his memory,
and know that Bartholomew
Kuma was our greatest ally
until he took his last
breath as a human.
Unfortunately, we'll never
be able to thank him
since he'll just be a weapon,
and likely our enemy
the next time we meet.
That's all I wanted to say.
Kind of a lot to work through
all at once, isn't it?
Someday, I hope we can at least
find out the rest of the story.
Kuma saved us, huh?
[CHOPPER]
Oh, you're awake. Good.
[LUFFY] Have some lunch!
It's from Amazon Lily!
[SANJI] Oh, Amazon Lily.
The island with all the women.
Of course that's
where he sent you.
Do you know where I was
these past two years?
Because I'm kinda
thinking Kuma's
not such a good
friend after all.
In fact, if he were
here right now,
I'd like to kick
his metal face in!
[BROOK]
Now, now Sanji,
we've all had our
share of troubles.
Before I became a
pop music sensation,
I was trapped in a cage.
Still, the only thing
that matters now
is the voyage awaiting us!
[SANJI] You don't know, man!
You don't know anything!
Straight ahead!
Brother, look! It's them!
I know! Like you said,
they're straight ahead.
You think I'm blind?
[CARIBOU laughs]
Looks like we'll be sailing
with the Straw Hats after all.
Wow. How far down are we?
I dunno, but it's getting
darker and darker.
We passed the photic zone,
and it looks like we're around
the bottom of the aphotic zone.
'Bout a thousand meters,
give or take.
It's quiet. And the Sunny
itself feels oddly still.
It's almost like
floating in the sky.
The sky.
I learned so much about
weather up there,
but I don't know if it's
much use underwater.
Hey, look, it's a whale!
[BROOK]
It's just like Laboon!
[LUFFY] Nah. It looks
more like Whitebeard.
[USOPP] I can't think
about whales right now.
I can't think about
anything except the fact
that I'm going to die!
Or at least 70% going to die.
Why did they tell me that?
Maybe if I keep a lookout,
I can raise our chances
of making it out of this.
Better than just sitting here.
I don't see any big,
scary Sea Kings,
or stuff the ship
could crash into.
So I guess we're good for now.
Wait a sec. What is that thing?
A fish? No.
[CARIBOU] Are you ready?
We only get one shot at this!
[CORIBOU]
Ready, brother!
[CARIBOU PIRATES]
Ready, Captain.
[CARIBOU]
Before you say anything,
I know what you're thinking:
"Just shoot them
and they'll all drown."
"They're wanted dead
or alive after all,
so why not let them die?"
Well, that wouldn't do at all,
because the Navy wouldn't
know who killed them.
We have to deliver
their heads personally,
on a silver platter!
Then they will fear us!
The whole world will
know our strength!
[CARIBOU PIRATES]
Yeah!
We'll take them out before
they suspect a thing.
My big, smiling face is
the last thing they'll see
before they die!
[CARIBOU PIRATES]
Yes, sir!
[CORIBOU]
Uh, right! Yeah!
Hey, you guys?
There's a ship-looking
thing coming our way.
[ZORO, SANJI]
What?
[LUFFY]
You sure?
Why don't you come
look for yourself?
[CARIBOU]
Charge!
[roars]
[CHOPPER]
It's a pirate ship!
[USOPP] They're ramming
straight into us!
Go away, you morons!
You're gonna make us all drown!
[NAMI] They're not trying
to break our ship,
they're trying to board it!
Damn it! Who are they?
[NARRATOR]
The Sunny continues descending
towards Fishman Island,
now with the decidedly
unwelcome Caribou onboard.
With their bubble threatening
to pop at every turn,
the crew braves an
undersea waterfall
only to stumble into the den
of the legendary monster,
the kraken.
With no way to battle
such a massive foe,
a watery grave seems
all but inevitable.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Deadly Combat Under the Sea!
The Demon of the Ocean Strikes!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!